Israel says it's killed a Hamas
commander in Janine in the West Bank on
the third day of its military operation
there an operation which has attracted
International criticism including from
the UK today the foreign office said it
is deeply concerned about Israel's
methods and reports of Civilian
casualties and the destruction of
Civilian
infrastructure Lucy Williamson reports
now from inside the West Bank and a
warning that her report contains
distressing images right from the
start on a road outside Janine this
morning Israeli forces came face to face
with the man they believe LED Hamas
here inside the white car wiam Kazam
shot dead by the Army and with him two
other men who tried to escape killed in
an air strike as they ran Israel says
all were involved in shooting and
bombing attacks
the Eastern areas of Janine and its
refugee camp have both been sealed off
for the past 3 days and there are fresh
reports of casualties including an
82-year-old man who paramedic said was
shot nine
times this morning the Army pulled out
of Nur Shams camp in taram the
destruction there enough to remind
residents of a war Oman said the Army
laid wires from her home to blow up two
of the houses it families she's known
for
decades I have 10-year-old triplets and
they trapped us in a room then they
started the explosions five explosions
in total imagine the walls shaking and
your children clinging to you it feels
like we're in
Gaza we met fadwa Stranded by the rubble
that used to be her neighbor's
house they told us that we have tunnels
and we smuggle the armed to this house
he claimed that we have tunnels like
those in Gaza he brought a drill and dug
into the floor and all he found was a
sewer
drain later she shows us the broken
floor beneath it what appears to be a
drain too small for a person to fit
through you hear a lot of comparisons
here now with the war in Gaza this is
still a very different situation but
almost a year of the Gaza War has
changed attitudes and tactics on both
sides it's changed the sense of threat
Israel feels from this conflict here and
many people are saying it's changing
Israel's
response negotiating the damaged streets
a funeral procession for Aid Abu haajah
a 69-year-old with a disability shot
dead by a sniper neighbor said when he
opened his
window alongside it gunfire for the
local leader of the Armed groups here
Muhammad jabber also killed in this
operation a show of force from to
haram's Armed Fighters less than a day
after Israel's Army withdrew Lucy
Williamson BBC News Janine